Xilong Xiangyun's fiancé
The undercover agent who was not sent
big brother
Li Shengqiang must have taught him to say that
Answer my brother
Time is running out.
Go first yes or no
It's Xiaoyun, my fiancee
No wonder I say I'm being calculated every step of the way
It turns out that the awesome undercover
It's my most trusted brother
big brother
It's all before
I know it's useless for me to explain now
You give me another chance.
Give you a chance
Let the opportunity to catch Lao Tzu back
Do you know
How many brothers died because of your villa?
Do you know that I am your next life?
today
I will seek justice for the brothers in this army
Freeze
Gu Chunxiong, you have been surrounded
Put down your weapons now
Can save lives
Feng Xiaoyun
Don't push your fucking luck.
I will tolerate you alone
Do you have to eat Lao Tzu and Death?
Changxiong advises you to put down your weapons quickly
Now attack carry
I have the right to shoot you on the spot and surrender
Hahaha, I'm immature.
I have made so much money over the years in South Rope
Raised so many people
It's enough to pour the fuck
Now I can still bring you awe
Lao Tzu is also a big mourning
Hahahaha
Fuck the awe
Oh be careful
crazy